Welcome back.
Let's call it.
Yeah.
Simple put.
And how do we call it?
Okay.
Let me firstly take the input.
Well and.
Okay.
It's not.
I'm just quoting a tabulation method.
I'm not calling the record plasma motion because it's very easy.
And liberty equality explained it.
How will it work?
Eight You're bringing elements of the lawsuit.
Find the maximum value added on it.
Simple.
I'll just show you a new way to call it eight.
So let's take the input.
Let's stick.
And.
So we have a that is the value area I have taken here eight so let's take it as the in Brazil.
And and growth and C in I and G.
Well, now.
Okay.
I have I have input.
I have the input now.
Now, what we need to do is we need to.
Even GDP added to what will be the land of the DPRK.
One left in mind, because I'm doing this for all the mosque.
Basically now what happens is now whatever said, I have I store that as a mask because that's the most
important part.
Right?
That converting to mass, because we have only 16 different unique values here.
So 16 will have to receive the power 16 and these are elements restore them as a mask.
So if you are not familiar with the people with masks, you can go on and try to do people build my
section from the dining programming course because I won't be able to, you know.
Explain the pivot business completely in this video for this particular problem.
I have the section debate mask above in the course you can feel free to try it.
And yeah, what we'll do is we'll simply store beer.
So I am digging up here because I saw two things in this.
The first first value of the beer is so I have beer.
Incorrect.
That means the first value of the pair is nothing but.
The max value that we are trying to calculate.
The second value of the pair is nothing.
But it's a mosque.
It's a mosque.
So if this integer values, let's say 1011, that means zero one and two.
But it's a mosque of the last grouping because, you know, we cannot store sand so easily.
Eight.
We can of course we can store it.
But I will not store it because it's easy to store that as a mosque.
Otherwise, I have to increase their dignity and it will take a lot of time.
So I just mosque that.
Third in integer.
So if that integer values 1011, that means zero one and two over the last eight.
So whenever I'm going to add a new element, I'd say I was going to add three and to this.
So I simply say the zero to the one and three to add these compatibility with zero one end but not to
its three.
Oh.
Okay.
Who are you?
Mosque is nothing, but it is mosque in the last group that we are also calculating.
Right?
The last group.
So.
If the mosque value is 1011, that means zero one and three eight.
So this last group contains zero one and two.
The only it doesn't contain two.
So if I want to add two, I just simply say, okay, whatever was said in the mosque, whatever the
values in the mass, take their calculations, pull their two's compatibility with everyone else, and
find a new value.
Let's call it.
So this is normally we witness because we want to avoid said what is fine.
That means what should be the max value of max value of five.
That means empties are zero and one should be the max.
What would be the last set of why it should be zero?
That means zero one.
Representative Mosque is zero.
That means there is no other.
Well used here.
So let me make zero zero, which is the max value of zero and the five eight.
Now let's gender it all musk.
Let's calculate all the mosque.
Omar starts from zero.
Go still to race to the power in and instead of the eliminate bit as here.
What we have built here.
And we have the deep values also.
Right.
The let's initialize the initially let me just say the DP mosque is nothing but very small value there
just because we take maximum values.
I will simply updated the DP mosque is initialized with very small value.
Doesn't matter.
Now let's calculate for all the bids.
Let's see whether that bids.
Father.
Yeah?
Let's calculate the mosque.
So to calculate the mosque, we want the numerous, the previous mosque in which we are trying to add
the current element.
Okay, so here it is.
Nothing, but it corresponds to X that I showed in the explanation.
Right.
Where is it?
Yeah, this one.
I'm trying to add x into the current set.
So what would be the new mosque on which mounds are sure to burn?
It should not contain X.
And so I just remove.
That bit from the mosque.
This will be the new mosque.
So new mosque is mosque which does not contain X.
But in now, in the new mosque, I'm trying to annex H.
I have two options.
Best option is another.
Oh, yeah.
Let me date.
It's a tricky problem but it's very nice of you in the standard whether a start a new group.
With X or with the current with, which is not so correct to check this whether the current rate is
said or not.
It is said that only I can include in my current math.
Right.
So I have to make this check.
That is if Ms. could shift.
And when that means now that it is certain.
Musk eight.
If that were to said in Musk, then only I can remove it then only I can remove it and try to edit and
do my new musk.
Edit If they said remove it from the musk, that is the new musk.
And we all know the new musk has has all its arms are calculated because new masks will be less than
musk and we are moving forward.
Right.
So if we are on Musk was written Mars from 0 to 9 are already calculated and it.
Let's try this.
So better start a new group with a brick.
So if I start a new group with this particular bit, that is the new element that I'm going to add.
Do you want me to make it X?
I leave it to you at eight.
So if I'm trying to start a new group with a bit, that means what is the maximum value?
The maximum value remains the same.
Correct.
So I simply say that if.
BP must guard first is less than BP.
New mosque guard first aid.
That means.
If it is less than whatever the new mask was there whatever the value in trying to make and simply say
that the mosque.
Okay.
Let's set this trip.
So what is the new value?
It is nothing but whatever the value of the previous month.
So.
This becomes this will increment it.
And the second thing is, what is the new?
Group.
What is a new large group?
When I'm trying to start a new group with X, so the last group is nothing but X.
If the last group is only x, so I'll just let left shift with x things.
I left shift one more times.
That means not this.
This.
Indeed.
That is one lecture.
It is a new mask.
Okay.
So, um.
I think it might be a little tricky for you to understand, but.
I have actually left the recursive implementation of it.
If you would, if we would have done the recursive implementation first and then came to this, then
it would have been easier.
But I just leave it to write one letter.
But it is the new.
Previous groups mosque.
Correct.
Last group mosque.
Now, what is the second part here?
Include.
Built in to be the obvious first group.
What is the previous best group?
The previous best group is nothing but BP new mosque not thinking correct.
So Dada second is always the group and art first is always the value.
So let's try to.
Okay.
It will be it so that we don't have any and it's yeah, we don't have any interest.
Now what we have to do is we have to find out that if I try to add the current element which is built
into the previous best group, so I want this omission, the compatibility value, the total sum of
compatibility values with all the previous values in the group.
Right.
So how do I do that?
Very simple way to let's say score what the compatibility score in any slider with zero.
It's let's have another portaloo and in this far loop let's say eight.
And in this day what I want is this data present day represents.
Element.
The devious quest.
Group eight.
So how will it represented will simply say that.
Yeah.
So it is implicit that if it be mask or sorry, new mask, the previous best group rate or second.
So this DB new masks Australia was made when this opinion was taken was the previous group a far right
shifted daytimes anti-gun.
If this is true, that means Jay was in the previous group.
Rick.
Yeah.
So if Jay was in the previous best group, then I have to add the compatibility of and compatibility
of.
But with g h I because I'm, I want to include in the previous best group.
So let's add the compatibility here.
I'll simply say squared plus equals to E.
Bit to the compatibility of then but and we are I hope this is clear.
Right.
So this is normal square calculation.
Correct.
And I've calculated the school and I'll just try to include that into the previous group.
I, I simply say if our DP mosque or let's say mosque first is less than equal to DP mosque or New Madrid
first place.
Okay.
So what's the new group value here?
Whatever was the DP, New Madrid first, the previous best value plus D scored eight less score.
So if the current models will use less, then they will simply update it.
So let me just copy.
This and see it is equal to nothing with this.
The new school.
And what is a new group?
The new group is nothing new.
Yeah, a new mosque.
I'm trying to add new that they started the new element in the desert which is built by left certain
buildings.
They try to take the idea with the new mosque.
You must me.
I'm trying to add bit, but I'll just say that this is the new best group now because that was giving
us a better answer.
I hope this is fine because there are a lot of things happening in this for all we are doing for all,
most we are going on, we are calibrating the schools and then we are trying to figure out these values.
Right.
It might be too much for your student, but I would strongly suggest you do implement the recursive
solution first and then only go ahead with this particular bottom up tabulation approach.
That's why it's always in the tabulations a little trickier.
And yeah.
So finally, BP mask or let's see, we want to find out the answer for all the.
When all the elements are there, right?
So if all the elements are there, that means all those really should be said in the mosque.
That means it is nothing more to restore the power and minus one.
So what I'll do is one left shift and minus one dot first.
This will tell me what is the.
Okay.
Did I do something wrong?
Poverty chemical.
Excess elements, okay.
Or any other thing went wrong.
Okay.
Not for us.
That is the deep musk.
I'm just sending a pair to it.
Right.
Just give me a second.
Okay.
If the women's vote first is less, then they bring you remastered first.
Then let's update it.
Correct.
Okay.
What am I getting here?
Okay, I think this is.
Okay.
Got it.
Does this 2820 is the answer for this particular problem.
And what I have here is I have end is too deep about this -118 plus 28 to find a slider with zero.
I get 28.
So I wasn't going.
I was actually initializing it with a very less value.
But I think that should also work.
Let me quickly check what's happening here.
If I initialize with minus one hibernate, what happens?
We get the new mask.
Okay.
So if you get the new muscle, this is 082.
They should take it when you mastered four.
Should be zero.
Correct.
We've demonstrated for us this.
Less than knew my start first.
Got it.
There are two things here.
The first thing is that we've already filled Mass zero eight.
We need to start from one that I missed.
And the second thing is that if I'm going to add the current element and to the previous best group
of the new mass rate, then it is not, you know, new mosque in one.
Like new mask or one left of beard because new mask in one left your beard is nothing but the current
mostly.
But what I'm doing is I'm trying to add in the previous best group, but what is the previous best group?
It is deep in your mind's door.
Taking.
Verdict.
What was the best group of the new mass when it got this answer, which is new mastered first in that
group and the current element.
Now let's bring it.
So here you can see the.